Golden Armor
Herobrine's Holiday
All this work.....
I am so tired
Nothing else but torturing players all day long!
Screw this!
I'm taking a vacation!
I can't believe this!
This place is so awesome!
OMG LOOK AT THIS!
I'm gonna have such a great time here!
YEAH!
HA HA HA HA HA <3
Wait
I want an exotic drink!
Out of the way noob!
How dare you noobs!
Don't they know who i am?
Yo Yo look at my muscles!
I'm the strongest and coolest here
No one messes with me
I will destroy anyone who looks at me funny!
What is this?!
Yo!
What are YOU doing here OLD MAN?
This is no place for a wussy
Yo!
I'm gonna beat you so hard
You won't even remember your name!
YO, i'm gonna crush your skull!
Oh, is that right?
OMG i think it's Herobrine!
I have to get him on camera!
Crap can't see his face...
Have to go closer
Gotcha on camera Herobrine!
I will expose you to the whole world!
Oh, is that right?
Aaaah, this is so relaxing
WOW!!!
Who is THAT?!
I was swimming all day
Now i just want to wash off the salty water from my body
What can we see here? hue hue
Hmmm what is she doing?
WHAT THE HECK?!
You PERVERT, watching me take a DUMP?!
Wrong window?!
SUBTITLES: GewoonEenGame